INDUSTRY: AGRICULTURE, FORESTRY AND FISHING
===========================================

Division 01: Crop and Animal Production, hunting and related Services Activities

  Class 011: Growing of Non-Perennial Crops
    Group 0111: Growing of Cereals (except Rice) Leguminous Crops and Oil Seeds)
Description:
  includes all forms of growing of cereals, leguminous crops and oil seeds in open fields, including
  those considered organic farming and the growing of genetically modified crops. The growing of
  these crops is often combined within agricultural units. These are wheat, grain maize, sorghum,
  barley, rye, oats, millet, beans, cowpeas, lentils, peas, pigeon peas, soya beans, groundnuts,
  castor beans, rape seed, sunflower seed, sesame seed.
    Group 0112: Growing of Rice
Description:
  includes organic farming and the growing of genetically modified rice
    Group 0113: Growing of Vegetables and Melons, Roots and Tubers
Description:
  growing of leafy or stem vegetables such as (artichokes, asparagus, cabbages, cauliflower and
  broccoli, lettuce and chicory, spinach, other leafy or stem vegetables); growing of fruit bearing
  vegetables such as: (cucumbers and gherkins, eggplants, tomatoes, watermelons, cantaloupes, other
  melons and fruit-bearing vegetables); growing of root, bulb or tuberous vegetables such as:(
  carrots, turnips, garlic, onions, leeks and other alliaceous vegetables, other root, bulb or
  tuberous vegetables); growing of mushrooms and truffles; growing of vegetable seeds, except beet
  seeds; growing of sugar beet; growing of other vegetables; growing of roots and tubers such as:
  (potatoes, sweet potatoes , cassava, yams, other roots and tubers).
    Group 0114: Growing of Sugar Cane
    Group 0115: Growing of Tobacco
Description:
  includes growing of unmanufactured tobacco.
    Group 0116: Growing of Fibre Crops
Description:
  includes growing of cotton, sisal and other textile fibre of the genus agave, growing of abaca and
  other vegetable textile fibres and growing of other fibre crops 30
    Group 0119: Growing of Other Non-perennial Crops
Description:
  growing of swedes, mangolds, fodder roots, clover, alfalfa, sainfoin, maize and other grasses,
  forage, kale and similar forage products,; growing of beet seeds and seed of forage plants;
  growing of flowers, including production of cut flowers and flower buds.
  Class 012: Growing of Perennial Crops
Description:
  this group includes the growing of perennial crops, i.e. plants that lasts for more than two growing
  seasons, either dying back after each season or growing continuously. Included is the growing of
  these plants for the purpose of seed production.
    Group 0121: Growing of Grapes
Description:
  growing of wine grapes and table grapes in vineyards.
    Group 0122: Growing of Tropical and Subtropical Fruits
Description:
  growing of avocadoes, bananas, mangoes, papayas, pineapples.
    Group 0123: Growing of Citrus Fruits
Description:
  grapefruits, lemons and limes, oranges, mandarins and clementines and other citrus fruits.
    Group 0124: Growing of Pome Fruits and Stone Fruits
Description:
  apples, apricot, cherries and sour cherries, peaches and nectarines, pears and quinceres, plums and
  sloes. Growing of Other Trees and Bush Fruits and Nuts includes growing of berries; blue berries,
  kiwi fruits, raspberries, strawberries, growing of fruit seeds; growing of edible nuts; almonds,
  chestnuts, hazelnuts, walnuts and other nuts.
    Group 0125: Growing of Other Trees and Bush Fruits and Nuts
Description:
  includes growing of berries; blue berries, kiwi fruits, raspberries, strawberries, growing of fruit
  seeds; growing of edible nuts; almonds, chestnuts, hazelnuts, walnuts and other nuts.
    Group 0126: Growing of Oleaginous fruits
Description:
  olives, oils palms and other oleaginous fruits.
    Group 0127: Growing of Beverage Crops
    Group 0128: Growing of Spices, Aromatic, Drug and Pharmaceutical Crops
Description:
  growing of perennial and non-perennial spices and aromatic crops; pepper, chilies’ and pepper,
  cinnamon, cloves, ginger, vanilla, hops; growing of drug and narcotic crops; growing of plants
  used primarily in perfumery, in pharmacy, in pharmacy or for insecticidal, fungicidal or similar
  purposes.
    Group 0129: Growing of Other Perennial Crops
Description:
  rubber trees; growing of Christmas trees; growing of trees for extraction of sap; growing of
  vegetable materials of a kind used primarily for plaiting. 31
  Class 013: Plant Propagation
Description:
  includes the production of all vegetative planting materials including cuttings, suckers and
  seedlings for direct plant propagation or to create plant grafting stock into which selected scion
  is grafted for eventual planting to produce crops; growing of plants for ornamental purposes,
  including turf for transplanting, growing of live plants for bulbs, tubers and roots; cuttings and
  slips; mushroom spawn, operation of tree nurseries
    Group 0130: Plant Propagation
  Class 014: Animal Production
    Group 0141: Raising of Cattle and
Description:
  raising and breeding of cattle and buffaloes; production of raw cow milk from cows or buffaloes;
  production of bovine semen
    Group 0142: Raising of Horse and Other Equines
Description:
  (including racing horses), asses, mules or hinnies
    Group 0143: Raising of Camels and Camelids
Description:
  raising and breeding of camels (dromedary) and camelids
    Group 0144: Raising of Sheep
Description:
  raising and breeding of sheep, production of raw sheep milk, production of raw wool.
    Group 0145: Raising of Swine or Pigs
Description:
  raising and breeding of swine (pigs).
    Group 0146: Raising of Poultry
Description:
  raising and breeding of poultry: fowls of the species Gallus domesticus (chicken and capons), ducks,
  geese, turkeys and guinea fowls); production of eggs; operation of poultry hatcheries
    Group 0147: Raising of Goats (S)
Description:
  raising and breeding of goats, production of raw goat milk.
    Group 0148: Raising of Game (S)
Description:
  raising and breeding of wild animals such as buffalos, lions, kudus, impalas, etc for meat, tourism
  or any other purposes relevant to the breeder.
    Group 0149: Raising of Other Animals
Description:
  raising and breeding of semi-domesticated or other live animals:(ostriches and emus, other birds
  (except poultry), insects, rabbits and other fur animals); production of fur skins, reptile or
  bird skins from ranching operation; operation of worm farms, land mollusc farms, snail farms;
  raising of silk worms, production of silk worm cocoons; bee-keeping and production of honey and
  beeswax; raising and breeding of pet animals (cats and dogs, birds, such as parakeets, hamsters,
  raising of diverse animals) 32
  Class 015: Mixed Farimg0150
    Group 0150: Mixed Farimg0150
Description:
  This class includes the combined production of crops and animals without a specialized production of
  crops or animals. The size of the overall farming operation is not a determining factor. If either
  production of crops or animals in a given unit exceeds 66 per cent or more of standard gross
  margins, the combined activity should not be included here, but allocated to crop or animal
  farming.
  Class 016: Support Activities to Agriculture and Post-Harvest Crop Activities
Description:
  includes activities incidental to agricultural production and activities similar to agriculture not
  undertaken for production purposes (in the sense of harvesting agricultural products), done on a
  fee or contract basis. Also included are post-harvest crop activities, aimed at preparing
  agricultural products for the primary market.
    Group 0161: Support Activities to Agriculture to Crop Production
Description:
  agricultural activities on a fee or contract basis ( preparation of fields, establishing a crop,
  treatment of crops, crop spraying, including by air, trimming of fruit trees and vines,
  transplantation of rice, thinning of beets, harvesting, pest control (including rabbits);
  operation of agricultural irrigation equipment; provision of agricultural machinery with operators
  and crew; maintenance of land to keep it in good condition for agricultural use. agricultural
  activities on a fee or contract basis ( preparation of fields, establishing a crop, treatment of
  crops, crop spraying, including by air, trimming of fruit trees and vines, transplantation of
  rice, thinning of beets, harvesting, pest control (including rabbits); operation of agricultural
  irrigation equipment; provision of agricultural machinery with operators and crew; maintenance of
  land to keep it in good condition for agricultural use.
    Group 0162: Support Activities to Agriculture to Animal Production
Description:
  agricultural activities on a fee or contract basis (activities to promote propagation, growth and
  output of animals, herd testing services, droving services, agistment services, poultry
  caponizing, coop cleaning, activities related to artificial insemination, stud services, sheep
  shearing, farm animal boarding and care; activities of farriers. agricultural activities on a fee
  or contract basis (activities to promote propagation, growth and output of animals, herd testing
  services, droving services, agistment services, poultry caponizing, coop cleaning, activities
  related to artificial insemination, stud services, sheep shearing, farm animal boarding and care;
  activities of farriers.
    Group 0163: Post-Harvest Crop Activities
Description:
  preparation of crops for primary markets, i.e. cleaning, trimming, grading, disinfecting; cotton
  ginning; preparation of tobacco leaves; preparation of cocoa beans; waxing of fruit; sun-drying of
  fruit and vegetables. 33
    Group 0164: Seed Processing for Propagation
Description:
  This class includes all post-harvest activities aimed at improving the propagation quality of seed
  through the removal of non-seed materials, undersized, mechanically or insect- damaged and
  immature seeds as well as removing the seed moisture to a safe level for seed storage. This
  activity includes the drying, cleaning, grading and treating of seeds until they are marketed. The
  treatment of genetically modified seeds is included here.
  Class 017: Hunting and related Service Activities
    Group 0170: Hunting and related Service Activities
Description:
  hunting and trapping on a commercial basis; taking of animals; taking of animals (dead or alive) for
  food, fur, skin; production of fur skins, reptile or bird skins from hunting or trapping
  activities; land-based catching of sea mammals.
Division 02: Forestry and Logging

  Class 021: Silviculture and other Forestry Activities
    Group 0210: Silviculture and other Forestry Activities
Description:
  growing of standing timber: planting, replanting, transplanting, thinning and conserving of forests
  and timber tracts; growing of firewood; operation of forest tree nurseries
  Class 022: Logging
    Group 0220: Logging
Description:
  production of round wood for forest-based manufacturing industries; gathering and production of fire
  wood, production of charcoal in forest (using traditional methods).
  Class 023: Gathering of Non-wood Forest Products
    Group 0230: Gathering of Non-wood Forest Products
Description:
  includes gathering of wild growing materials (mushrooms, berries, nuts, vegetable hair, eelgrass,
  mosses and lichens)
  Class 024: Support Services to Forestry
    Group 0240: Support Services to Forestry
Description:
  includes forestry activities (forestry in- ventories, forest management consulting services, timber
  evaluation, forest fire fighting and protection, forest pest control), logging service activities
  (transport of logs within the forest).
Division 03: Fishing and Aquaculture

  Class 031: Fishing
Description:
  This group includes capture fishery, i.e. the hunting, collecting and gathering activities directed
  at removing or collecting live wild aquatic organisms (predominantly fish, molluscs and
  crustaceans) including plants from the oceanic, coastal or inland waters for human consumption and
  other purposes by hand or more usually by various types of fishing gear such as nets, lines and
  stationary traps. Such activities can be conducted on the intertidal shoreline (e.g. collection of
  molluscs such as mussels and oysters) or shore based netting, or from home-made dugouts or more
  commonly using commercially made boats in inshore, coastal waters or offshore waters. 34
    Group 0311: Marine Fishing
Description:
  fishing on a commercial basis in ocean and coastal waters; whale catching; taking of marine aquatic
  animals: turtles, sea squirts, tunicates; activities of vessels engaged both in fishing and in
  processing and preserving fish; gathering of other marine organisms and materials.
    Group 0312: Fresh Water Fishing
Description:
  includes fishing on a commercial basis in inland waters; taking of fresh water aquatic animals;
  gathering of freshwater animals.
  Class 032: Aquaculture
Description:
  This group includes aquaculture (or aquafarming), i.e. the production process involving the
  culturing or farming (including harvesting) of aquatic organisms(fish, molluscs, crustaceans,
  plants, crocodiles alligators and amphibians) using techniques designed to increase the production
  of the organisms in question beyond the natural capacity of the environment (for example regular
  stocking, feeding and protection from predators). Culturing/farming refers to the rearing up to
  their juvenile and/or adult phase under captive conditions of the above organisms. In addition,
  aquaculture also encompasses individual, corporate or state ownership of the individual organisms
  throughout the rearing or culture stage, up to and including harvesting.
    Group 0321: Marine Aquaculture
Description:
  includes fish farming in sea water including farming of marine ornamental fish; growing of laver and
  other edible sea weeds; culture of crustaceans, bivalves, other molluscs and other aquatic animals
  in sea water; aquaculture activities in salt water filled tanks or reservoirs; operation of fish
  hatcheries; operation of marine worm farms.
    Group 0322: Fresh Water Aquaculture
Description:
  fish farming in freshwater including farming of freshwater ornamental fish; culture of fresh water
  crustaceans, bivalves, other molluscs and other aquatic animals; operation of fish hatcheries;
  farming of frogs.
Division 04: Subsistence Agriculture (S)

  Class 041: Growing of Crops (S)
Description:
  A crop A crop is any cultivated plant, fungus, or alga that is harvested for food, clothing,
  livestock fodder, biofuel, medicine, or other uses.
    Group 0411: Traditional or Subsistence Crop Farming (S)
Description:
  Major crops include maize (corn), sorghum, millet, beans, sugarcane, pumpkin, wheat, rice, cassa-
  va, soybeans, hay, potatoes and cotton.
    Group 0412: Growing of Vegetables
Description:
  A vegetable is an edible plant or its part, intended for cooking or eating raw. Vegetables are most
  often consumed as salads or cooked in savory or salty dishes, and these include cabbage, carrots,
  spinach,
  Class 042: Rearing of Animals (S)
Description:
  Livestock: These are domesticated animals raised in an agricultural setting to produce commodities
  such as food, milk and fiber. This article does not discuss poultry or farmed fish, although
  these, especially poultry, are commonly included within the meaning of “livestock”. Livestock are
  generally raised for subsistence purposes. Raising animals (animal husbandry) is a component of
  modern agriculture.
    Group 0421: Traditional or Subsistence Cattle Farming (S)
Description:
  raising and breeding of cattle for subsistence purposes
    Group 0422: Traditional or Subsistence Small Stock Farming (S)
Description:
  raising and breeding of sheep and goats for meat, milk or any other purposes relevant to the
  breeder.
    Group 0423: Traditional Poultry Farming (S)
Description:
  raising and breeding of poultry: (fowls of any species, chickens, ducks, geese, turkeys and guinea
  fowls) for production of eggs; operation of poultry hatcheries for subsistence purposes.
    Group 0429: Other Traditional or Subsistence Farming (S)
Description:
  includes all other subsistence agricultural activities not stated in the above categories, such as
  rearing of rabbits, rearing of wild animals such as buffalos, lions, kudus, impalas for meat or
  any other purposes relevant to the breeder
  Class 043: Mixed Traditional or Subsistence Farming (S)
    Group 0430: Mixed Traditional or Subsistence Farming (S)
Description:
  This class includes the combined production of crops and animals without a specialized production of
  crops or animals. The typical subsistence farm has a range of crops and animals needed by the
  family to feed and clothe themselves during the year.
