INDUSTRY: FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
============================================

Division 64: Financial Service Activities, Except Insurance and Pension Funding

  Class 641: Monetary Intermediation
    Group 6411: Central banking
Description:
  This class includes Issuing and managing the country’s currency, Monitoring and control of the money
  supply, Taking deposits that are used for clearance between financial institutions, Supervising
  banking operations, holding the country’s international reserves, acting as banker to the
  government. The activities of central banks will vary for institutional reasons.
    Group 6419: Other Monetary Intermediation
Description:
  This class includes the receiving of deposits and /or close substitutes for deposits and extending
  of credit or lending funds. The granting of credit can take a variety of forms, such as loans,
  mortgages, credit cards etc. These activities are generally carried out by monetary institutions
  other than central banks, such as Banks, Savings banks and Credit unions. This class also includes
  postal giro and postal savings bank activities, Credit granting for house purchase by specialised
  deposit-taking institutions and Money order activities
  Class 642: Activities on Holding Companies
    Group 6420: Activities on Holding Companies
Description:
  This class includes the activities of holding companies, i.e. units that hold the assets (owning
  controlling-levels of equity) of a group of subsidiary corporations and whose principal activity
  is owning the group. The holding companies in this class do not provide any other service to the
  businesses in which the equity is held, i.e. they do not administer or manage other units.
  Class 643: Trusts, Funds and Similar Financial Entities
    Group 6430: Trusts, Funds and Similar Financial Entities
Description:
  This class includes legal entities organised to pool securities or other financial assets, without
  managing, on behalf of shareholders or beneficiaries. The portfolios are customised to achieve
  specific investment characteristics, such as diversification, risk, rate, rate of return and
  private volatility. These entities earn interest, dividends and other property income, but have
  little or no employment and no revenue from the sale of services. This class includes Open-end
  investment funds, Closed-end investment funds, Truths, estates or agency accounts, administered on
  behalf of the beneficiaries under the terms of a trust agreement, will or agency agreement and
  Unit investment trust funds
  Class 649: Other Financial Service Activities, except Insurance and Pension Funding Activities NEC
    Group 6491: Financial Leasing
Description:
  This class includes leasing where the term approximately covers the expected life of the asset and
  the lessee acquires substantially all the benefits of its use and takes all the risks associated
  with its ownership. The ownership of the asset may or may not eventually be transferred. Such
  leases cover all or virtually all costs including interest. 89
    Group 6492: Other Credit Granting
Description:
  This class includes financial service activities primarily concerned with making loans by
  institutions not involved in monetary intermediation, where the granting of credit can take a
  variety of forms, such as loans, mortgages, credit cards etc., providing the following types of
  services Granting of consumer credit, International trade financing, Provision of long-term
  finance to industry by individual banks, Money lending outside the banking system, Credit granting
  for house purchase by specialized non-depository institutions, Pawnshops and pawnbrokers.
    Group 6499: Other Financial Service Activities except Insurance and Pending Funding Activities
Description:
  Funding Activities, n.e.c This class includes other financial service activities primarily concerned
  with distributing funds other than by making loans, Factoring activities, Writing of swaps,
  options and other hedging arrangements, Activities of viatical settlement companies, Own-account
  investment activities, such as by venture capital companies and investment clubs.
Division 65: Insurance, Reinsurance and Pension Funding, except Compulsory Social Security

  Class 651: Insurance
    Group 6511: Life Insurance
Description:
  This class includes underwriting annuities and life insurance policies, disability income insurance
  policies, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance policies (with or without a substantial
  savings element).
    Group 6512: Non-Life Insurance
Description:
  This class includes provision of insurance services other than life insurance, Accident and fire
  insurance, Health insurance, Travel insurance, Property insurance, Motor, marine, aviation and
  transport insurance, Pecuniary loss and liability insurance.
  Class 652: Reinsurance
    Group 6520: Reinsurance
Description:
  This class includes activities of assuming all or part of the risk associated with existing
  insurance policies originally underwritten by other insurance carriers
  Class 653: Pension Funding
    Group 6530: Pension Funding
Description:
  This class includes legal entities (i.e. funds, plans and/or programmes) organised to provide
  retirement income benefits exclusively for the sponsor’s employees or members. This includes
  pension plans with de- fined benefits, as well as individual plans where benefits are simply de-
  fined through the member’s contribution. This class also includes Employee benefit plans, Pension
  funds and plans, and Retirement plans. 90
Division 66: Activities Auxiliary to Financial Services and Insurance Activities

  Class 661: Activities Auxiliary to Financial Service Activities, except Insurance and Pension Funding
    Group 6611: Administration of Financial markets
Description:
  This class includes operation and supervision of financial markets oth- er than by public
  authorities, such as Commodity contracts exchanges, Futures commodity contracts exchanges,
  Securities exchanges, Stock exchanges, Stock or commodity options exchanges
    Group 6612: Security and Commodity Contract Brokerage
Description:
  This class includes dealing in financial markets on behalf of others (e.g. stock broking) and
  related activities, Security brokerage, Commodity contracts brokerage and Activities of bureau de
  change.
    Group 6619: Other Activities Auxiliary to Financial Service Activities
Description:
  This class includes activities auxiliary to financial service activities not elsewhere classified,
  such as financial transaction processing and settlement activities, including for credit card
  transactions, Investment advisory services, Activities of mortgage advisers and brokers. This
  class also includes Trustee, fiduciary and custody services on a fee or contract basis
  Class 662: Activities Auxiliary to Insurance and Pension Funding
    Group 6621: Risk and Damage Evaluation
Description:
  This class includes the provision of administration services of insurance, such as assessing and
  settling insurance claims. This class also includes assessing insurance claims, Claims adjusting,
  Risk assessing, Risk and damage evaluation, Average and loss adjusting; settling insurance claims
    Group 6622: Activities of Insurance Agents and brokers
Description:
  This class includes activities of insurance agents and brokers (insurance intermediaries) in
  selling, negotiating or soliciting of annuities and insurance and reinsurance policies
    Group 6629: Other Activities Auxiliary to Insurance and Pension Funding
Description:
  This class includes Activities involved in or closely related to insurance and pension funding
  (except claims adjusting and activities of insurance agents), Salvage administration and Actuarial
  services
  Class 663: Fund Management Activities
    Group 6630: Fund Management Activities
Description:
  This class includes portfolio and fund management activities on a fee or contract basis, for
  individuals, businesses and others. This class also includes Management of pension funds,
  Management of mutual funds and Management of other investment funds 91
