INDUSTRY: MINING AND QUARRYING
==============================

Division 05: Mining of Coal and Lignite

  Class 051: Mining of Hard Coal
    Group 0510: Mining of Hard Coal
Description:
  underground or surface mining, including mining through liquefaction methods; cleaning, sizing ,
  grading pulverizing, compressing of coal to classify, improve quality or facilitate transport or
  storage; recovery of hard coal from culm banks.
  Class 052: Mining of Lignite
    Group 0520: Mining of Lignite
Description:
  mining of lignite (brown coal): underground or surface mining, including mining through liquefaction
  methods; washing, dehydrating, pulverizing, compressing of lignite to improve quality or
  facilitate transport or storage.
Division 06: Extraction of Crude Petroleum and Natural Gas

  Class 061: Extraction of Crude Petroleum
    Group 0610: Extraction of Crude Petroleum
Description:
  extraction of crude petroleum oils; extraction of bituminous or oil shale and tar sand; production
  of crude petroleum from bituminous shale and sand; processes to obtain crude oils: decantation,
  desalting, dehydration, stabilization.
  Class 062: Extraction of Natural Gas
    Group 0620: Extraction of Natural Gas
Description:
  production of crude gaseous hydrocarbon (natural gas); extraction of condensates; draining and
  separation of liquid hydrocarbon fractions; gas desulphurization; mining of hydrocarbon liquids,
  obtained through liquefaction or pyrolysis.
Division 07: Mining of Metal Ores and Gemstones

  Class 071: Mining of Iron Ores
    Group 0710: Mining of Iron Ores
Description:
  includes mining of chiefly for iron content; beneficiation and agglomeration of iron ores.
  Class 072: Mining of Non-Ferrous Metal Ores
    Group 0722: Mining of Copper/Nickel (S)
Description:
  Copper-Nickel is an alloy of copper that contains nickel and strengthening elements, such as iron
  and manganese. Cupronickel is highly resistant to corrosion in seawater, because its electrode
  potential is adjusted to be neutral with regard to seawater. Because of this, it is used for
  piping, heat exchangers and condensers in seawater systems, as well as marine hardware, and
  sometimes for the propellers, crankshafts and hulls of premium tugboats, fishing boats and other
  working boats. A more familiar common use is in silver-coloured modern circulation coins. 37
    Group 0724: Mining of Gold Mining (S)
Description:
  Gold is a chemical element with the symbol Au and atomic number 79. It is a dense, soft, malleable
  and ductile metal with a bright yellow color and luster, the properties of which remain without
  tarnishing when exposed to air or water. Chemically, gold is a transition metal and a group 11
  element. It is one of the least reactive chemical elements, and is solid under standard
  conditions.
  Class 073: Mining of Gemstones
    Group 0731: Mining of Diamonds (S)
Description:
  This is a metastable allotrope of carbon, where the carbon atoms are arranged in a variation of the
  face-centered cubic crystal structure called a diamond lattice. Diamond is less stable than
  graphite, but the conversion rate from diamond to graphite is negligible at standard conditions.
  Diamond is renowned as a material with superlative physical qualities, most of which originate
  from the strong covalent bonding between its atoms. In particular, diamond has the highest
  hardness and thermal conductivity of any bulk material. Those properties determine the major
  industrial application of diamond in cutting and polishing tools and the scientific applications
  in diamond knives and diamond anvil cells.
Division 08: Other Mining and Quarrying

  Class 081: Quarrying of Stone, Sand and Clay
    Group 0810: Quarrying of Stone, Sand and Clay
Description:
  quarrying, rough trimming and sawing of monumental and building stone such as marble, granite,
  sandstones; quarrying, crushing and breaking of limestone; mining of gypsum and anhydrite; mining
  of chalk; extraction and dredging of industrial sand, sand for construction and gravel; breaking
  and crushing of stone and gravel; quarrying of sand; mining of clays, refractory clays and kaolin.
  Class 089: Mining and Quarrying N.E.C
    Group 0891: Mining of Chemical and Fertilizer Minerals
Description:
  mining of natural phosphates and natural potassium salts; mining of native sulphur; extraction and
  preparation of pyrites and pyrrhotite, except roasting; mining of natural barium sulphate and
  carbonate (barytes and witherite), natural borates, natural magnesium sulphates (kieserite);
  mining of earth colours, fluorspar and other minerals valued chiefly as a source of chemicals;
  guano mining.
    Group 0892: Extraction of Peat
Description:
  includes peat digging; peat agglomeration; preparation of peat to improve quality or facilitate
  transport or storage.
    Group 0894: Extraction of Soda Ash and Salt (S)
    Group 0899: Other Mining and Quarrying N.E.C (except Diamonds)
Description:
  mining and quarrying of various minerals and materials ( abrasive materials, asbestos, siliceous
  fossil metals, natural graphite, talc, natural asphalt, asphalt, asphaltic rock, natural solid
  bitumen, gemstones, quartz, mica. 38
Division 09: Mining Support Service Activities

  Class 091: Support Activities for Petroleum and Natural Gas Extraction
    Group 0910: Support Activities for Petroleum and Natural Gas Extraction
Description:
  oil and gas extraction services provided on fee or contract basis: exploration services in
  connection with petroleum or gas extraction, e.g. traditional prospecting methods, such as making
  geological observations at prospective sites ; redirecting drilling and re-drilling repairing and
  dismantling; cementing oil and gas well casings; pumping of wells; plugging and abandoning wells;
  liquefaction and re-gasification of natural gas for purpose of transport, done at the mine site;
  draining and pumping services; test drilling in connection with petroleum or gas extraction.
  Class 099: Support Activities for Other Mining and Quarrying
    Group 0990: Support Activities for Other Mining and Quarrying
Description:
  includes support services on a fee or contract basis: exploration services, draining and pumping
  services, test drilling and test hole boring
