INDUSTRY: TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGE
====================================

Division 49: Land Transport and Transport Via Pipelines

  Class 491: Transport Via Railways
    Group 4911: Passenger Rail Transport, Interurban
Description:
  This class includes: passenger transport by inter-urban railways, operation of sleeping cars or
  dining cars as an integrated operation of railway companies.
    Group 4912: Freight Rail Transport
Description:
  This class includes: freight transport on mainline rail networks as well as short-line freight
  railroads 79
  Class 492: Other Land Transport
    Group 4921: Urban and Suburban Passenger Land Transport
Description:
  This class includes: land transport of passengers by urban or suburban transport systems. This may
  include different modes of land transport, such as by motorbus, tramway, streetcar, trolleybus,
  underground and elevated railways etc. The transport is carried out on scheduled routes normally
  following a fixed time schedule, entailing the picking up and setting down of passengers at
  normally fixed stops.
    Group 4922: Other Passenger Land Transport
Description:
  This class includes: other passenger road transport; scheduled long- distance bus services,
  charters, excursions and other occasional coach services, taxi operation, airport shuttles,
  Operation of telfers, funiculars, ski and cable lifts if not part of urban or suburban transit
  systems. This class also includes other renting of private cars with driver, operation of school
  buses and buses for transport of employees, Passenger transport by man or animal drawn vehicles.
    Group 4923: Freight Transport by Road
Description:
  This class includes all freight transport operations by road; logging haulage, stock haulage,
  refrigerated haulage, heavy haulage, bulk haulage, including haulage in tanker trucks, haulage of
  automobiles, transport of waste and waste materials, without collection or disposal. This also
  includes furniture removal, renting of trucks with driver and freight transport by man or animal-
  drawn vehicles
  Class 493: Transport Via Pipeline
    Group 4930: Transport Via Pipeline
Description:
  This club includes Transport of gases, liquids, water, slurry and other commodities via pipelines.
  This class also includes Operation of pump stations.
Division 50: Water Transport

  Class 501: Sea and Coastal Water Transport
  Class 502: Inland Water Transport
    Group 5021: Inland Passenger Water Transport
Description:
  This class includes Transport of passenger via rivers, canals, lakes and other inland waterways,
  including inside harbours and ports. This class also includes renting of pleasure boats with crew
  for inland water transport
    Group 5022: Inland Freight Water Transport
Description:
  This class includes transport of freight via rivers, canals, lakes and other inland waterways,
  including inside harbours and ports. 80
Division 51: Air Transport

  Class 511: Passenger Air Transport
    Group 5110: Passenger Air Transport
Description:
  This class includes Transport of passenger by air over regular routes and on regular schedules,
  Charter flights for passengers, Scenic and sight- seeing flights. This class also includes Renting
  of air-transport equipment with operator for the purpose of passenger transportation and General
  aviation activities, such as transport of passengers by aero clubs for instruction or pleasure
  Class 512: Freight Air Transport
    Group 5120: Freight Air Transport
Description:
  This class includes transport freight by air over regular routes and on regular schedules; Non-
  scheduled transport of freight by air; Launching of satellites and space vehicles; Space
  transport; This class also includes and Renting of air-transport equipment with operator for the
  purpose of freight transportation.
Division 52: Warehousing and Support Activities for Transport

  Class 521: Warehousing and Storage
    Group 5210: Warehousing and Storage
Description:
  This class includes operation of storage and warehouse facilities for all kind of goods; Operation
  of grain silos, general merchandise warehouses, refrigerated warehouses, storage tanks etc. This
  class also includes storage of goods in foreign trade zones and blast freezing
  Class 522: Support Activities for Transport
    Group 5221: Service Activities Incidental to Land Transportation
Description:
  This class includes activities related to land transport of passengers, animals or freight;
  Operation of terminal facilities such as railway stations, bus stations, stations for the handling
  of goods; Operation of railroad infrastructure; Operation of roads, bridges, tunnels, car parks or
  garages, bicycle parkings; Switching and shunting; Towing and road side assistance. This class
  also includes liquefaction of gas for transportation purposes.
    Group 5222: Service Activities Incidental to Water Transportation
Description:
  This class includes activities related to water transport of passengers, animals or freight;
  operation of terminal facilities such as harbours and piers; navigation, pilotage and berthing
  activities; lighterage, salvage activities; lighthouse activities.
    Group 5223: Service Activities Incidental to Air Transportation
Description:
  This class includes activities related to air transport of passengers, animals or freight; operation
  of terminal facilities such as airway terminals; airport and air-traffic-control activities;
  ground service activities on airfields; this class also includes firefighting and fire-prevention
  services at airports 81
    Group 5224: Cargo Handling
Description:
  This class includes loading and unloading of goods or passengers’ luggage irrespective of the mode
  of transport used for transportation; stevedoring; loading and unloading of freight railway cars
    Group 5229: Other Transportation Support Activities
Description:
  This class includes forwarding of freight; arranging or organising of transport operations by rail,
  road, sea or air; organization of group and individual consignments (including pickup and delivery
  of goods and grouping of consignments); logistics activities, i.e. planning, designing and
  supporting operations of transportation, warehousing and distribution; issue and procurement of
  transport documents and waybills; activities of customs agents; activities of sea-freight
  forwarders and air-cargo agents; brokerage for ship and aircraft space; goods- handling
  operations, e.g. temporary crating for the sole purpose of protecting the goods during transit,
  uncrating, sampling, weighting of goods.
Division 53: Postal and Courier Activities

  Class 531: Postal Activities
    Group 5310: Postal Activities
Description:
  This class includes the activities of postal services operating under a universal service
  obligation. The activities include use of the universal service infrastructure, including retail
  locations, sorting and processing facilities, carrier routes to pickup and deliver the mail. The
  delivery can include letter-post, i.e. letters, postcards, printed papers (news paper,
  periodicals, advertising items, etc.), small packets, goods or documents. Also included are other
  services necessary to support the universal service obligation. This class includes pickup,
  sorting, transport and delivery (domestic or international) of letter-post and (mail-type) parcels
  and packages by postal services operating under a universal service obligation. One or more modes
  of transport may be involved and the activity may be carried out with either self-owned (private)
  transport or via public transport. Collection of letter-mail and parcels from public letter-boxes
  or from post offices; Distribution and delivery of mail and parcels
  Class 532: Courier Activities
    Group 5320: Courier Activities
Description:
  This class includes courier activities not operating under a universal service obligation This class
  includes pickup, sorting, transport and delivery (domestic or international) of letter-post and
  (mail-type) parcels and packages by firms not operating under a universal service obligation. One
  or more modes of transport may be involved and the activity may be carried out with either self-
  owned (private) transport or via public transport; Distribution and delivery of mail and parcels.
  This class also includes home delivery services 82
